The horse of the trapeze.
It's the moon. It's the moon. It's the moon.
The cabbage fluttered lightly.
It's heavy, fluttering, and full of air.
The red-eyed butterfly is blue.
It's fluttering back and forth.
It's a very bright mountain sound.
The wind is blowing.
The smell of the cotton is fresh.
The smoke is strong.
The grass is green.
The skin smells like a child.
The grass is fluttering.
It's a thundering sound.
The red-eyed butterfly is awake.
It's waiting for someone to come.
It's hot. It's hot. It's hot.
It's a very bright sound.
The insects are crying.
The grass is green.
The sound of the grass is very loud.
It's the moon. It's the moon. It's the moon.
It's the moon. It's the moon.
The priest.
It's a loud..."
It's hard to speak of,
but it's an philosophers'craft.
You live, but you die.
Dying and rotting are same like you.
The funeral's creaking.
The animal's behind is boiling.
The smell of the grass and the smell of the sun is burning somewhere.
It's the eyes. It's the eyes. It's the eyes. It's the eyes.
It's the moonlit night. It's the moonlit night. It's the moonlit night.
The moon is shining.
Maria-sama.
The rest is the quiet car.
Eight years later
In Nagisa
When the angel angrily carried out the call
and the夠om's wing hung banner- proofed
as if the branches of the diso that he caught had broken
into pieces, he fells on the eyelashes of one of the Forbidden Masters,
leaving no trace of light in the twilight
and with no厚,
It waved its bristles without clearly grasping or conveniently,
with the smell of the
breathless horizontally vestals and the restricted scent of zapFlowersAL